>> On "Divine Science."
[WHOOSH]
>> There is a basis for
this idea that we are living
in a projected, simulated
reality from the consciousness
of all people.
Meaning this is a
shared hallucination.
[RIPPLING]
>> This week on Gaia
on "Superpower."
>> Any instrument, or any art,
anything can be a feedback,
can be a mirror.
I think what comes closest to
playing the theremin is singing
because it's just your body.
[WHOOSH]
>> On "Mysteries of
the Knights Templar."
[WHOOSH]
>> Is the Atlantean link with
the Templars still relevant
today and going forward
into the future?
[WHOOSH]
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> You find out the Noah
figure was actually based
on an ancient Sumerian king.
And actually, George, the
very last Sumerian King
before that entire region
was destroyed by a deluge.
[WHOOSH]
[RIPPLING]
>> Only on Gaia.
[PEACEFUL MUSIC]